Kubernetes updates (#575)
OSC/ood-documentation: source/installation/resource-manager/kubernetes.rst

You should have policies in place to enforce these.

> Bootstrapping the Kuberenetes cluster

Author: I felt this necessary because don't want people to think the Kubernetes cluster can only do OnDemand things, OnDemand activity can very easily be shared with other Kubernetes workloads.

Reviewer: works for me

*************************************

Before anyone can use your Kubernetes cluster from Open OnDemand, you'll need
to create the `open ondemand kubernetes resources`_ on your cluster.

Below is an example of adding the necessary resources:

.. code-block:: sh

  kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OSC/ondemand/master/hooks/k8s-bootstrap/ondemand.yaml

Bootstrapping OnDemand web node to communicate with Kubernetes
**************************************************************

The OnDemand web node ``root`` user must be configured
to use the ``ondemand`` service account deployed by the `open ondemand kubernetes resources`_ and
be able to execute ``kubectl`` commands.

First deploy ``kubectl`` to the OnDemand web node:

.. code-block:: sh

>   wget -O /usr/local/bin/kubectl https://storage.googleapis.com/kubernetes-release/release/v1.21.5/bin/linux/amd64/kubectl

Reviewer: They should be version aware here.

Author: Do you mean like replace version with like `$KUBERNETES_VERSION` or something similar?

Reviewer: Just a note that this URL has a version in it.  If you think folks would be able to spot that, then we can keep it as is.

Author: I think I got a commit to do this.

Author: I made it clear that `$VERSION` should be replaced by version of controller.

Kyverno Policies
****************

Once Kubernetes is available to OnDemand, it's possible for users to use ``kubectl`` to submit arbirary pods to Kubernetes. To ensure proper security with Kubernetes a policy engine such as `Kyverno`_ can be used to ensure certain security standards.

> For OnDemand maybe of the `Kyverno baseline and restricted sescurity policies`_ will work.  There are also policies that can be deployed to ensure the UID/GID of user pods match that user's UID/GID on the HPC clusters.  Some `example policies`_ do things such as enforce UID/GID and other security standards for OnDemand. These policies rely heavily on the fact that OnDemand usage in Kubernetes using a namespace prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For OnDemand, maybe some of the `Kyverno baseline and restricted sescurity policies`_ will work.  There are also policies that can be deployed to ensure the UID/GID of user pods match that user's UID/GID on the HPC clusters.  Some `example policies`_ do things such as enforce UID/GID and other security standards for OnDemand. These policies rely heavily on the fact that OnDemand usage in Kubernetes is using a namespace prefix.
```

Author: I will add the comma, I pushed a fix as `maybe` was a typo, should have been `For OnDemand, many of the`.

Reviewer: :+1:

The policies enforcing UID/GID and supplemental groups are utilizing the `k8-ldap-configmap`_ tool that generates ConfigMap resources based on LDAP data.  This tool runs as a deployment inside the Kubernetes cluster.

Enforcing Walltimes
*******************

> In order to enforce that OnDemand pods have a finite runtime it's necessary to deploy a service that can cleanup pods that have run past their walltime.  Also because OnDemand is bootstrapping a namespace per user it's useful to cleanup unused namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to enforce pods are shut down after so much time it's necessary to deploy a service that can cleanup pods that have run past their walltime.  Also because OnDemand is bootstrapping a namespace per user it's useful to cleanup unused namespaces.
```

Author: Made this change, couldn't use Github commit due to fact this is now outdated from line breaks I added a few minutes ago.

- The creation timestamp of the namespace
- ``openondemand.org/last-hook-execution`` annotation set by OnDemand hook
- The last pod to run in that namespace based on Prometheus metrics

Below is an example of Helm values to deploy this tool for OnDemand where the OnDemand namespaces have ``user-`` prefix:

.. code-block:: yaml

  config:
    namespaceLabels: app.kubernetes.io/name=open-ondemand
    namespaceRegexp: user-.+
    namespaceLastUsedAnnotation: openondemand.org/last-hook-execution
    prometheusAddress: http://prometheus.prometheus:9090
    reapAfter: 8h
    lastUsedThreshold: 4h
    interval: 2h

Using a private image registry
******************************

OnDemand's Kubernetes integration can be setup to pull images from a private registry like `Harbor <https://goharbor.io/>`_.

In order to pull images from a private registry that requires authentication, OnDemand can be configured to setup `Image Pull Secrets <https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/>`_.
The OnDemand web node will need a JSON file setup that includes the username and password of a registry user authorized
to pull images used by OnDemand apps.

> In the following example you can set the following values:

Reviewer: This is readable by the user right? If so it should be noted here.

Author: Yep, I added a warning block to recommend a limited access and read-only token be used.
